Docs: Update actions with variables (#106269)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-data-links/index.md

   | Title                | A human-readable label for the action that's displayed in the UI.                                                                                                                                                                  |
   | Confirmation message | A descriptive prompt to confirm or cancel the action.                                                                                                                                                                              |
   | Method               | Select from **POST**, **PUT**, or **GET**.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
   | URL                  | The request URL.</p><p>To add a variable, click in the **URL** field and enter `$` or press Ctrl+Space or Cmd+Space to see a list of available variables.                                                                          |

>    | Variables            | **Key**, **Name**, **Type** pairs. Click the **+** icon to add as many variables as you need. To add a variable to the request, prefix the key with `$`. You can configure the values for the variables when performing an action. |

Reviewer: In this case, "type" shouldn't bolded or capitalized because there's no actual label in the UI. I also made a couple other wording edits.

```suggestion
   | Variables            | **Key** and **Name** pairs with a type selection. Click the **+** icon to add as many variables as you need. To add a variable to the request, prefix the key with `$`. You can set the values for the variables when performing an action. |
```
